Add remark on sourcing .bashrc in PBS scripts (#141)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/software/python_package_management.rst

   export PATH="${VSC_DATA}/miniconda3/bin:${PATH}"

> If you had the miniconda installer change your ``.bashrc``, in your job scripts you would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had the miniconda installer ``PATH`` added to your ``.bashrc`` file, in your job scripts you would
```
